all right what's dantos next thing we
have something very important to talk to
you about it's very very important what
do we got t-shirts we got tools in
action gear and we've actually what
headed up for yeah we basically got
these t-shirts the first batch we had
from Zazzle you guys suck so everybody
that got azazel one we know who you are
we've already sent you new shirt yet let
us know yeah those ones with like 20 25
bucks 25 bucks and look at these we got
three different colors and they're what
are these what kind of shirt Gildan
they're nice shirts and I think we just
got mediums too so basically we ordered
90 of these you guys would put them up
on Facebook and on the site and we sold
all 90 in two days yeah so we just
ordered like 400 of them so we got a ton
of them coming and Froy well not to
interrupt you but I know a lot of you
guys I told I emails you guys on
backorder because we ran out of shirts
and different sizes and all that so we
are getting order tonight right now yeah
we're going to get them right after this
video the the orange and the yellow and
SCSI certified so you can wear them on
the jobsite and be seen road workers
stuff like that the one Eric has on is
not but it's still kind of like a hive
is no and it is cool cuz on the corner
on the side actually Dan Dan actually
designed this shirt so he did a nice job
designing it actually really cool shirts
you got insight it's got the logo on
there so it's cool yeah I mean they're
really cool and we've washed him we've
tested them like I said those dazzle
shirts suck yeah yeah well we didn't
want to make the investment because with
Zazzle you know you guys would just go
straight to their site they would print
them and they were charging absorbent an
amount and we didn't even make a profit
on those I mean not that we're making a
profit on these but these are 15 bucks
shipped to us sorry guys well no but you
have to hook up Wayne there's a couple
people yeah we got to hook up the
Australians yeah they're like 50 bucks
this year yes yeah definitely
that's all right sirs yeah who cares
we're just gonna be living in a
cardboard box ting okay they are but
check it out you guys tools and crew
you're part of the crew when you get
this stuff and we're also gonna have
contests where if you send in a picture
of you and a tools an action t-shirt
we're gonna have tools nation t-shirt or
sticker only contest so basically you're
gonna be you know cut there's gonna be
contest but only if you have a shirt or
you bought a shirt or something like
that so and so far I mean I'm really
like blown away by how many shirts we've
been selling I was very surprised
because we didn't even do a video we
don't do anything all we had was a
banner ad up on the right-hand side of
the website and then what one Facebook
post on Facebook post and then within
two days 90 shirts guy yeah so we
appreciate it you guys won't make this
too long but check it out tools nation
show them the back year's totals an
action shirt let it let show off your
crew spirit know your crew spirit man
all right tools nation crew spirit I
like that that's a good one
remember for more exciting tool action
go to tools in action dot-com